j
so today in all of europe
aabar liked first job for this purpose my first job is real job this
chord whose piano
after a few odd jobs
and so I'll show you we'll demonstrate it's a upright piano
the om will disassemble just now explain a little high
the different parts the essential parts of the gift
so just for the little story the piano is where a burying his
198 by christophe maury and csa followed hockey at his bank
the cordeau pants life finally a number of other instruments
who was stringed
to hit too
but where in europe to hit or to pass
for that
the piano is here it is
it's unique
a wonderful magical instrument adventure
and so can start for example a little bit
So here is no doubt open and percent
when we ask ourselves here we see
the essential components of the gift
these are the pieces by making these pieces of wood here this
who hits the he will be playing the strings
and of
shouts of support
%
the second this convoy
then basta
it is a big city of wood
it's a permit
so here stop that part of it all
it's a duty
so the three for the three main parts the hammer then the hammer
is to be saved is assured by that
relative to the key via mechanics
on his side of all this is that he is here
for 100 th
who serve as intermediaries
but their collaborators
it is at the stage armandie with strings
they would have almost never spent enough percent and that of not
no longer appear
the outdoors about the importance of being sufficiently
mbia energy e
to the surrounding air
she would grant it is in contact with the land of harmony through the
knight
and these are the vibrations transmitted from the rope
at tabarly
six days later meters to be born
to agitate the Iron Age in sound farms to make music
i am now going to montreal for what the tuner
piano evoking a crime to grant
the other will consist
haha
with the arrivals the voltage the voltage is high
through his home
so that's the agreed upon these basic tools of the agreement in which we
r
so if the hypothesis of a return of tales and legends lacordaire
his mother are today
he is more than on order in amplitude
it is precisely because
for 100 th on that note
for 163 arnott rope
for that the decors drawn by hundreds by the same frequency
than the other bodies
connect them the gypsy wants to tune this show there
fathers
pity just play either by following
for 100 th of the skill granted for the master hour the same frequency
that the three between strings
those who are struck by this piece
in its part
for that the chord part
so from port is for
and more than 200 strings on all the channels we have to grant all
strings one by one
I did not talk to them about part percent
harmonization for 100 th the harmonization it consists
arrived the piano frame
she stamps
the couple happened and that's a bit like the coach of the
color years
by car
%
the milk the hammers
forbes hammers
we come back to a rounded shape
reading it we know it's his face-to-face compound of this hardness
and to try the form the hardness the absent and the striking position
possibly win
this settlement in stages on the turn so it is the hardness
pella and form that will determine the wrong piano
we have some newspapers different tools to pay to do
harmonization
so that's the tools the typical tools of
the price of the dollar which makes her relegation
that's just the fact it's a
it's a rare it's just a paper pub
it's glass paper
with that
if and if and if and port are worn
for that to hit his turntable cd
the patches that melt they make holes
in
when we make a death we close we do a sanding junk then we do on
place or vote but it depends on the case
and the happy ones
it makes
the first rookie available will tell if the afp agreement
and the second thing is on the tightrope
it's the
It's less his door and he
to do this apply
several ski formulas I'm here for the rest but if it's a tool that
who is who and who is smaller and more practical for the right knee
% and so with that
for me that we're going we're going to get stung
the early flutter if the six meters passed
anyway
and conversely it can also be read hardening it soissons evening by typing with the
pecq the back of small
I also receive with products that seem
less than a year ago we can use it
the great frustration that I have and that I experienced when I was at
bordeaux is that he could not adjust the sound as you want it is
over there
we could think that I also wanted to apply everything you want
our perfect course in sum
what to go back in the cinema rooms the couple
that's what we want liverpool has achieved from sète
of this note
and being that limitations meet
in the exercise of its business
% little by little the group
so that never in me the idea of
the cdu of a woody magic wand and virtual piano
on which we could just for all his part
and percent and so this tool this virtual gift
that's all in what party
a little bit but later
m
see